Open on a cottage interior. One armed man with shoulder-length hair is sitting at table with wife, son, and daughter. The decor is minimal. The lighting is coming from the fireplace and a candelabra in the center of the table.


Suddenly, a rumble is felt from outside. The screen shakes and a low rumbling sound plays. The family stops eating.


Man: Sounds like a storm’s brewing.
Wife: I hope that’s all it is. I saw some rebel soldiers sneaking into the forest towards the empire’s base. Looked like they had a walking shag rug with them!


A much higher pitched sound plays (think spaceship sounds from black and white movies) and a blast of green light fills through the window. The man stands up from his seat.


Man: Kids, get into the cellar. Your mother and I are going to board up the house.
Wife: I can’t believe the fighting has made it this far into the countryside.
Man: Get the kids downstairs.


Another two bursts of green light and the sounds of lasers fill the air. The sounds get louder. The man approaches the door to look through the viewing window. As he approaches, the door explodes inward, knocking him unconscious. Three aliens file in.


Alien 1: Resistance is useless.


They walk over and punch the wife in the gut (think Double Dragon homage) and carry the entire family off on their shoulders.


The scene fades to black.


The man wakes up, paws at his head. His home is ruined and on fire. There is no sign of life.


Man: … I’ve got to find out what’s going on out there.


This will serve as the tutorial sort of portion. Have him pick up a broken chair leg or a rake or something as a weapon. Any kind of references would fit here too. Maybe a shovel for Shovel Knight, since that seems to be along the lines of what we’re aiming at. The man walks towards the door and two aliens file in. This is the first fight, to get the hang of whatever sort of combat we have.


Two aliens enter the room. They clearly mean business and begin fighting the man.


After he wins, the man exits. The village, a rustic setting, is burning. More aliens file towards him.


This would progress like a normal first level. This part should be more up to the designers to determine. I’ll make more of the story (such as it is) later on. I’ve got a fairly clear path of where to go.


The man battles through a rustic village, fighting and beating aliens. He comes to the town center. It is devoid of any living being. On the fountain in the center of town is a metallic arm. The man walks slowly towards it. Before he can reach it, a blinding light flashes. 


Suddenly the arm is next to him, floating. Quickly, it attaches itself to his torso. The screen rumbles. The man looks back and forth. A large and imposing alien breaks into frame. He sends out a blue bolt which surrounds the hero.


Big Bad: Ha ha ha... this one shows more heart than the others. Throw him in the hold. We're taking him with us.


Little aliens file out, punch the hero in the gut (Double Dragon style) and carry him off screen as the frame fades to black.